Update S6290 and S6292 (#223)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6290/description.adoc

AWS credentials are designed to authenticate and authorize requests to AWS.

> If your application interacts with AWS then it requires AWS credentials to access all the resources it needs to function properly. Resources that can be accessed depend on the permission granted to the AWS account. These credential may authenticates to the AWS account root user who has unrestricted access to all resources in your AWS account, including billing information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application interacts with AWS then it requires AWS credentials to access all the resources it needs to function properly. Resources that can be accessed depend on the permissions granted to the AWS account. These credentials may authenticate to the AWS account root user who has unrestricted access to all resources in your AWS account, including billing information.
```
